Introduction 


I have 12+ years of experience in Quality Engineering and currently lead the FCR QA team at Calix, a cloud and software product company in the broadband and smart home space.

I’ve worked across startup environments like BigBasket and Jumio, and product companies like JDA Software, across multiple domains such as Supply Chain, E-commerce, BFSI, & some AI/ML & cloud platforms. 

I specialise in building scalable UI, API,  and performance automation frameworks using Java, Selenium/Playwright, and REST Assured, and Python, pytest, k6, and Jenkins, with strong experience validating data across SQL and NoSQL systems. This also includes experience in AI workflow validation and OCR/NLP-based testing.

I currently lead a team of 5 engineers and own end-to-end QA responsibilities, including test strategy, automation design, code reviews, release validations, and stakeholder communication.

At Jumio, I led quality strategy and automation for an AI-based Document Verification platform used for KYC, onboarding, and Proof of Address across 14 countries, 8 languages, and 24 document types.


DV Product Intro

Document Verification provides automated solutions for financial institutions and other online businesses, offering a quick, easy way to verify customer information using identity and secondary documents captured on a smartphone, leveraging AI/ML models/algorithms.

The end user easily captures secondary document types such as utility bills, phone bills, bank statements, & credit card statements with their smartphone or webcam & has the data automatically extracted. (24 documents) - 8 languages & 14 countries (current mainly EU & US)

It’s an AI-based automated solution to mask sensitive data such as credit card numbers and other PII data while pulling information relevant to ID verification with ~99% accuracy, or the reduction of false positives to ~1%

Acquisition => Extraction(extract Data) => Proof of Address and Residence (different Workflow)

Use Cases
- Proof Of Address
- Document Collection
- New Account Onboarding 
- Reduce manual Extraction
- KYC & some other ones


Why Switch?

To be honest, I hit a point where my responsibilities stayed the same, but my capabilities have increased. I wanted a role with more ownership, a clear growth path and work that aligns more with my long-term plans
										OR
My scope and impact have grown over time, and I’m now looking for broader ownership, larger problem spaces, and a clearer growth path. I want a role that aligns with my long-term goals, where I can drive quality across teams and systems while continuing to grow technically and as a leader
